### 2022-10-24 NAME.SV NFT and FT

Given that Relayx has run out of runway we are presented with an opportunity like no other to take the best features relayx ito the next level by tokenizing the identities of all relayx users into simple, transferrable NFTs with the attached namespace name.sv. Your name would then become available at name.sv as long as you hold a minimum number of name.sv tokens in your wallet. With at least one name token you get basic relayx style paymail resolution. Additional features may become available to token holders who hold more than one token, or who have held the token for a long time.
They should be able to request a trial token which grants paymail access for one 24 hour period before having to be transferred again. The token we create must be transferrable by default to and from any Relayx accounts with eventual transfer into STAG wallet browser plugin. At a very minimum the STAG wallet must be able to send and receive the NAME token to another stag wallet user to a relayx paymail address. That way relayx.io is free to either continue using their existing namespace or adopt the NAME token protocol and begin honoring open names or no name at all.

Every relayx user should receive both their name as well as a free preview CD-ROM NFT that gives them a preview of their name.sv paymail at work for both name.sv and @pow.co which shall adopt the name.sv protocol in exchange for a large number of tokens in the name.sv space. The NAME token should be divisible into a massive number of holders and then required in order to activate the platform. To begin one must hold a very large number of coins in order to get access to their paymail address resolution and other features. However since open market forces are at play any domain provider can offer the exact same service at their domain for less and capture the difference as profit. The purpose of the token is to first make the system economically viable in preventing spam. Since everyone must hold the tokens, attacks can be mitigated at a global scale. Then from that base line of security everyone may compete to offer services to holders of the token. Instead of a perpectual payment a name becomes an asset for people who also hold name.sv tokens. Companies
may then attempt to profit by their own actions rather than by the action of others. Any group that believes they can bring value to NAME NFT holders can buy NAME coins, build the feature requiring users to hold new name coins, such as extended public keys or faster p2p payments. If they market their raw benefits successfully to their customs they may sell them NAME tokens at a profit, or allow customers to buy NAME tokens from another seller, in order to consume the product. Since tokens are on the open RUN protocol they can be acquired in any number of ways through the blockchain. The NAME token is not meant to represent any sort of contract.

NAME token is only an opportunity with economic structures built in. A hypothesis has been set out that the structure set out with the name.sv NFT collection paired with the NAME / name.sv platform token will cause relayx identities to become decentralized away from relayx. The identities themselves will no sooner be owned by name.sv as they are tokenized on RUN. At present they are not tokenized on RUN and
therefore can be said to be owned by relayx. Name.sv then owns nothing other than their own abilities to provide services willingly to their customers, and the choice to act. For its part the owner of name.sv obgliges itself to transfer ownership of name.sv domain name to the holders of the token, to be a namecheap account as indicated by the MIDAS vote protocol which empowers holders of the tokens to express their will on a topic. The topic should be posted to askbitcoin.ai as a question. Who owns the domain askbitcoin.ai? And then the namecheap account of the owner. The MIDAS vote protocol simply allows a token holder to express their will backed by a certain number of tokens, toward the answer to a questoion. MIDAS will provide the service of tallying the votes and keeping a real time stream of when votes reach a certain threshold. Participants are free to withhold their vote at any time. In terms of askbitcoin.ai people should be able to stake their tokens on certain answers to keep them afloat without having to provide additional energy, a bit
of a "breather" if you will. That immediately becomes a benefit to token holders. The system can track in real time which tokens you have staked, which becomes equivalent to how many questions or answers you have. In order to PIN an answer or question one ought to be able to add as many ASK tokens as they like to the item. A simple API will return the list of PINNED Q&As globally as well as from your user, right from the blockchain!

### 2022-10-25 Material Progress

I purchased name.sv from marcaria.com and minted the name.sv fungible token:

https://relayx.com/market/dee74a718cf814657971683c62d5ad6ebef38b0953cb3a0720e5fc2d0c97c4b7_o2

I purchased the marketing template Webbee: https://mui.com/store/order-download/?orderId=53094&key=wc_order_C7yMz2Gz9uMCG

Github repository: https://github.com/pow-co/name.sv

NPM repository: https://www.npmjs.com/package/name.sv

My goal is to sell the first 20% for $200 which will give it 1 year of run-way, and the next 30% for $1000 which will give it an additional 5 year runway. POWCO retains 50% stake. 5 years should give developers plenty of confidence that they can build atop a solid platform. If the platform has not managed to build itself financially by five years it will have failed either way. Ultimately what developers need is a reliable index API for name data, as reliable as "layer 1".
